src/content/press/rage-against-the-machine.mdx, before:

---
id: '2'
title: 'Rage Against the Machine World Tour'
description: "Supervoid, Voyage Productions, and Formation created a visual world inspired by Rage Against the Machine's signature blend of rap, metal, and punk for the band's latest tour."
published: '10-25-2022'
image: './images/rage-against-the-machine.png'
imageAlt: 'Rage Against the Machine'
socialImage: '/images/rage-against-the-machine.png'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/rage-against-the-machine.png'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

## Overview

[Supervoid](https://supervoid.tv/), [Voyage Productions](https://www.voyagepro.us/), and [Formation](https://formationcreative.co/) created a visual world inspired by [Rage Against the Machine's](https://www.ratm.com/) signature blend of rap, metal, and punk for the band's latest tour.

When beginning their work for [Rage Against the Machine's](https://www.ratm.com/) 2022 world tour with [Voyage Productions](https://www.voyagepro.us/) and [Formation](https://formationcreative.co/), [Supervoid](https://supervoid.tv/) knew they'd want to incorporate Notch into a show already brimming with video effects. The band's large band of multi-instrumentalists, known as “The Food Stamps,” gave the creative team a never-ending stream of great material for the camera to catch.

With the added vision of Creative Director Emily Cox and Art Director [Jamie Issuh](https://www.jamieissuh.com/), Supervoid used Notch to make the show look more visually deliberate and cohesive. They experimented with raw, lived-in textures and techniques, with hand-drawn and mixed-media animation moving at 12 frames per second taking the place of the futuristic 3D particles typical of an arena tour.

The Supervoid team used Notch's Virtual Background feature to, at various points, eliminate the background to keep the focus on a given performer or apply different effects chains to performers and backgrounds. For added contrast, they often kept their backgrounds black-and-white while applying sepia-toned LUTs as well as glow and echo effects to performers.

With final texture overlays and color grading bringing it all together, the creative team used the Disguise GX 3 as their media server. As Notch Designer and Animator Drew Mercadante recalled, “We found the limits fairly early on and optimized to ensure we could get a stable performance. With some creative remodeling, we were able to make it all play nice.”

## Press

- [Live Design](https://www.livedesignonline.com/concerts/rage-against-the-machine-world-tour-2022)
- [Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/rage-against-the-machine-announce-2022-world-tour-147682)
- [Billboard](https://www.billboard.com/articles/news/1049545/rage-against-the-machine-announce-2022-world-tour)
- [Rolling Stone](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/rage-against-the-machine-2022-tour-1320917/)
- [Consequence](https://consequence.net/2022/10/rage-against-the-machine-2022-tour-dates/)
- [NME](https://www.nme.com/news/music/rage-against-the-machine-announce-2022-world-tour-3310917)

Commit message:

feat(app): add press blockquotes and pagination

src/content/press/rage-against-the-machine.mdx, after:

---
id: '1'
title: 'Rage Against the Machine World Tour'
description: "Supervoid, Voyage Productions, and Formation created a visual world inspired by Rage Against the Machine's signature blend of rap, metal, and punk for the band's latest tour."
published: '10-25-2022'
image: './images/rage-against-the-machine.png'
imageAlt: 'Rage Against the Machine'
socialImage: '/images/rage-against-the-machine.png'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/rage-against-the-machine.png'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> “As Rage Against the Machine is the kind of band that actively avoids flashy 3D visuals, the final product was purposefully kept sparse and to the point. The creative team received great reviews for their simple, direct looks that just added a bit of edge and showcased the performances without distraction.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/rage-against-the-machine-world-tour-2022/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>

> “Chilling images on the screens, including an El Paso police car on fire, a helicopter descending on a group of helpless refugees in a boat, and a stern Border Patrol agent standing near a drone and German Shepherd”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-live-reviews/rage-against-the-machine-reunion-tour-launch-review-1380433/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Rollingstone.com</a></cite>
