src/content/press/san-holo.mdx, before:

---
id: '3'
title: "San Holo 'Existential Dance Music' Tour"
description: "Supervoid, Voyage Productions, and Formation created a visual world inspired by San Holo's signature blend of indie, electronic, and future bass for the artist's latest tour."
published: '12-11-2023'
image: './images/san-holo.png'
imageAlt: 'San Holo'
socialImage: '/images/san-holo.png'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/san-holo.png'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> “They brought in Visual Effects Specialist Mercadante to provide the needed video integration. As a team they masterfully took NVIDIA graphics technology and real-time graphics tool, Notch to a new level for this tour.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://plsn.com/archives/december-2023/san-holo-existential-dance-music-tour/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLSN.com</a></cite>

> “Nonstop stream of beats from scratch layered with lively guitar riffs and mystical imagery, culminating in nothing short of an emotional experience”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/san-holo-tour-2023/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>

Commit message:

feat(app): press order and title updates

src/content/press/san-holo.mdx, after:

---
id: '3'
title: 'San Holo'
description: 'Highlights and recent press coverage of SUPERVOID working with San Holo'
published: '12-11-2023'
image: './images/san-holo.png'
imageAlt: 'San Holo'
socialImage: '/images/san-holo.png'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/san-holo.png'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> “They brought in Visual Effects Specialist Mercadante to provide the needed video integration. As a team they masterfully took NVIDIA graphics technology and real-time graphics tool, Notch to a new level for this tour.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://plsn.com/archives/december-2023/san-holo-existential-dance-music-tour/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLSN.com</a></cite>

> “Nonstop stream of beats from scratch layered with lively guitar riffs and mystical imagery, culminating in nothing short of an emotional experience”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/san-holo-tour-2023/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>
