src/content/press/spiritbox.mdx, before:

---
id: '2'
title: "Spiritbox 'The Eternal Blue' Tour"
description: 'Spiritbox embarked on their first headline tour in the UK and Europe in support of their debut album, The Eternal Blue. The band wanted to create a visual experience that would match the intensity of their music, and they turned to SUPERVOID for help.'
published: '06-06-2023'
image: './images/spiritbox.jpg'
imageAlt: 'Spiritbox'
socialImage: '/images/spiritbox.jpg'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/spiritbox.jpg'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> “I've known Drew for several years now, and with his company SUPERVOID, he's become my go-to video guy. He really crushed it on this one.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://plsn.com/articles/production-spotlight/spiritbox-the-eternal-blue-tour/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLSN.com</a></cite>

> “The band, their management, and their fans were extremely happy, with attendees posting on social media specifically about the visual elements.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/spiritbox-eternal-blue/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>

> “Stunning visuals silhouetted Courtney with lyrics plastering the walls, sparks, flames, confetti…”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/music/1791100/spiritbox-review-london-roundhouse-courtney-laplante" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Express.co.uk</a></cite>

Commit message:

feat(app): press order and title updates

src/content/press/spiritbox.mdx, after:

---
id: '2'
title: 'Spiritbox'
description: 'Highlights and recent press coverage of SUPERVOID working with Spiritbox'
published: '06-06-2023'
image: './images/spiritbox.jpg'
imageAlt: 'Spiritbox'
socialImage: '/images/spiritbox.jpg'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/spiritbox.jpg'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> “I've known Drew for several years now, and with his company SUPERVOID, he's become my go-to video guy. He really crushed it on this one.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://plsn.com/articles/production-spotlight/spiritbox-the-eternal-blue-tour/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLSN.com</a></cite>

> “The band, their management, and their fans were extremely happy, with attendees posting on social media specifically about the visual elements.”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/spiritbox-eternal-blue/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>

> “Stunning visuals silhouetted Courtney with lyrics plastering the walls, sparks, flames, confetti…”
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/music/1791100/spiritbox-review-london-roundhouse-courtney-laplante" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Express.co.uk</a></cite>
