src/content/press/tyler-childers.mdx, before:

---
id: '4'
title: "Tyler Childers' Mule Pull '24 Tour"
description: "Supervoid, Voyage Productions, and Formation created a visual world inspired by Tyler Childers' signature Appalachian psychedelia for the singer's latest tour."
published: '06-13-2024'
image: './images/tyler-childers.png'
imageAlt: 'Tyler Childers'
socialImage: '/images/tyler-childers.png'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/tyler-childers.png'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> "Drew Mercadante, of Philadelphia-based SUPERVOID, is a visual effects specialist"
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://plsn.com/articles/inside-the-design/tyler-childers-mule-pull-24-tour/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLSN.com</a></cite>

> "Created a visual world inspired by Tyler Childers' signature Appalachian psychedelia"
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/tyler-childers-mule-pull-24/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>

Commit message:

feat(app): press order and title updates

src/content/press/tyler-childers.mdx, after:

---
id: '4'
title: 'Tyler Childers'
description: 'Highlights and recent press coverage of SUPERVOID working with Tyler Childers'
published: '06-13-2024'
image: './images/tyler-childers.png'
imageAlt: 'Tyler Childers'
socialImage: '/images/tyler-childers.png'
layout: '../../layouts/PressLayout.astro'
---

import { Picture } from 'astro:assets'
import PostHeader from '../../components/ui/PostHeader.astro'
import headerImage from './images/tyler-childers.png'

<PostHeader image={headerImage} frontmatter={frontmatter} />

> "Drew Mercadante, of Philadelphia-based SUPERVOID, is a visual effects specialist"
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://plsn.com/articles/inside-the-design/tyler-childers-mule-pull-24-tour/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">PLSN.com</a></cite>

> "Created a visual world inspired by Tyler Childers' signature Appalachian psychedelia"
> -- <cite>Read more at <a href="https://www.notch.one/portfolio/tyler-childers-mule-pull-24/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Notch.one</a></cite>
